How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    I was able to compare what code was different, incorrect or missing. This assisted me in correcting it quickly.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    It can assist me in noticing changes that have been made as the project has progresses.
    It can also show me what worked and what needed to be changed in the past features wise.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Manually saving allows me to choose when to save, such as at specific sections that took time.
    The con to this is if I forget to do so and I lose the code for whatever reason.
    Having it automatically save versions would be better in case something happens and I need to go back to a previous part of the project.
    It also keeps me from having to worry whether or not I saved the file/version or not.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    The different systems treat file changes differently. Some such as Git save multiple files in one commit for ease of finding them.
    Other systems such as Google Docs treat each file separately just in the event that they were inteded to be separate or if the creator needs
    to access the files separately based on their contents or changes.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    I can use git log to pull every commit/change that has occured in a repo.
    I can git diff to see what was changed or updated from one commit to the next in specific files or code sections.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    It will allow me to catch them as they happen and allow me to see what edit or change caused the code to break.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to use it for my code projects in the future to make sure everything is as smooth as possible.